Course Registration Application
This is a simple web application built with Python's Flask framework and SQLite for handling a basic course registration system. The application allows users to register for courses by filling out a form and displays a list of registered participants on a separate page.

Features
Registration Form: Users can enter their full name, email, phone number, and select a course (options: Web Development, Data Science, Machine Learning).
Database Storage: Stores registered user information using SQLite.
Registered Participants Page: Displays a list of registered users on a separate page with an option to delete individual entries.
Getting Started
Prerequisites
Python 3.x
Flask (pip install flask)
Flask-SQLAlchemy (pip install flask_sqlalchemy)
Installation
git clone https://github.com/your-username/course-registration-app.git
cd course-registration-app
Project Structure
course-registration-app/
├── app.py               # Main application file with Flask routes
└── README.md            # Project README file

Usage
Visit http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to access the registration form.
Fill out the form and submit it to register a new participant.
To view registered participants, click the "View Registered Participants" link.
The list of participants displays each user’s name, email, selected course, and phone number.
Click "Delete" next to a participant's entry to remove them from the list.
Routes
/: Displays the course registration form.
/registrations: Shows a list of registered participants.
/delete/<id>: Deletes a specific registration.
Code Overview
app.py:
Contains the main application logic.
Defines the Registration database model with SQLAlchemy.
Implements routes for rendering the registration form, viewing participants, and deleting entries.
Example
Register a participant on the main page.
Navigate to the "View Registered Participants" page to see the participant listed.
Delete any participant from the list as needed.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

